H-4296: Remove docs reference to `Empty List` data type as a primitive (#6799)
hashintel/hash: apps/hashdotai/guide/04_types/04_data-types.mdx

- `Number`: an arithmetical value (in the [real number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_number) system)
- `Boolean`: a "true" or "false" value

HASH also contains a small number of other primitive data types, which are unlikely to be useful to most users.

<Toggle title="Advanced primitive data types">

The following primtive data types are also supported in HASH:

- `Null`: A placeholder value representing 'nothing'
- `Object`: A plain JSON object with no predefined structure

> Historically, an `Empty List` data type was also supported, ensuring that all possible values representable within JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) were also representable in HASH by default, but this was later removed as a generally-available "primitive".

Author: ```suggestion
Historically, an `Empty List` data type was also provided, ensuring that all possible values representable within JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) were also provided for by primitive data types in HASH (by default). This was later removed, and to replicate its functionality (if required) you should use an array without any elements.
```

Author: @TimDiekmann Is this accurate/could it be better explained?

Reviewer: I would probably just drop that line TBH

Reviewer 2: Agreed

Author: ```suggestion
```
